Introduction
If you’ve ever tried speaking English with a stranger, chances are it
wasn’t easy! You might have felt tongue-tied when you tried to recall words
or verb conjugations. You might have struggled to keep up with the
conversation, with English words flying at you at 100mph.
Indeed, many students report feeling so overwhelmed with the
experience of speaking English in the real world that they struggle to
maintain motivation. The problem lies with the way English is usually
taught. Textbooks and language classes break English down into rules and
other “nuggets” of information in order to make it easier to learn. But that
can leave you with a bit of a shock when you come to actually speak
English out in the real world: “People don’t speak like they do in
textbooks!” That’s why I wrote this book.
101 Conversations in Intermediate English prepares you to speak English
in the real world. Unlike the contrived and unnatural dialogues in your
textbook, the 101 authentic conversations in this book offer you simple but
authentic spoken English that you can study away from the pressure of
face-to-face conversation. The conversations in this book tell the story of a
detective in London. You’ll experience the story by following the
conversations the characters have with one another. Written entirely in
spoken English, the conversations give you the authentic experience of
reading real English in a format that is convenient and accessible for an
intermediate learner (B1-B2 on the Common European Framework of
Reference).
The extensive, story-based format of the book helps you get used to
spoken English in a natural way, with the words and phrases you see
gradually emerging in your own spoken English as you learn them naturally
through your reading. The book is packed with engaging learning material
including short dialogues that you can finish in one sitting, scene-setting
introductions to each chapter to help you follow along, and a story that will
have you gripped until the end. These learning features allow you to learn
and absorb new words and phrases, and then activate them so that, over

time, you can remember and use them in your own spoken English. You’ll
never find another way to get so much practice with real spoken English!
Suitable for intermediate learners, 101 Conversations in Intermediate
English is the perfect complement to any English course and will give you
the ultimate head start for using English confidently in the real world! If
you have set your sights on becoming fluent, this book is the biggest step
forward you will take in your English this year.
If you’re ready, let’s get started!

How to Use this Book
There are many possible ways to use a resource such as this, which is
written entirely in English. In this section, I would like to offer my
suggestions for using this book effectively, based on my experience with
thousands of students and their struggles.
There are two main ways to work with content in a foreign language:
1. Intensively
2. Extensively


Intensive learning is when you examine the material in great detail,
seeking to understand all the content – the meaning of vocabulary, the use
of grammar, the pronunciation of difficult words, etc. You will typically
spend much longer with each section and, therefore, cover less material
overall. Traditional classroom learning generally involves intensive
learning. Extensive learning is the opposite of intensive. To learn
extensively is to treat the material for what it is – not as the object of
language study, but rather as content to be enjoyed and appreciated. To read
a book for pleasure is an example of extensive reading. As such, the aim is
not to stop and study the language that you find, but rather to read (and
complete) the book.
There are pros and cons to both modes of study and, indeed, you may use
a combination of both in your approach. However, the “default mode” for
most people is to study intensively. This is because there is the inevitable
temptation to investigate anything you do not understand in the pursuit of
progress and hope to eliminate all mistakes. Traditional language education
trains us to do this. Similarly, it is not obvious to many readers how
extensive study can be effective. The uncertainty and ambiguity can be
uncomfortable: “There’s so much I don’t understand!”
In my experience, people have a tendency to drastically overestimate
what they can learn from intensive study, and drastically underestimate
what they can gain from extensive study. My observations are as follows:

Intensive learning: Although it is intuitive to try to “learn”
something you don’t understand, such as a new word, there is no
guarantee you will actually manage to “learn” it! Indeed, you will
be familiar with the feeling of trying to learn a new word, only to
forget it shortly afterwards! Studying intensively is also timeconsuming, meaning you can’t cover as much material.
Extensive learning: By contrast, when you study extensively,
you cover huge amounts of material and give yourself exposure to
much more content in the language than you otherwise would. In
my view, this is the primary benefit of extensive learning. Given
the immense size of the task of learning a foreign language,
extensive learning is the only way to give yourself the exposure to
the language that you need in order to stand a chance of acquiring
it. You simply can’t learn everything you need in the classroom!
When put like this, extensive learning may sound quite compelling!
However, there is an obvious objection: “But how do I learn when I’m not
looking up or memorising things?” This is an understandable doubt if you
are used to a traditional approach to language study. However, the truth is
that you can learn an extraordinary amount passively as you read and listen
to the language, but only if you give yourself the opportunity to do so!
Remember, you learned your mother tongue passively. There is no reason
you shouldn’t do the same with a second language!
Here are some of the characteristics of studying languages extensively:
Aim for completion When you read material in a foreign language, your
first job is to make your way through from beginning to end. Read to the
end of the chapter or listen to the entire audio without worrying about
things you don’t understand. Set your sights on the finish line and don’t get
distracted. This is a vital behaviour to foster because it trains you to enjoy
the material before you start to get lost in the details. This is how you read
or listen to things in your native language, so it’s the perfect thing to aim
for!
Read for gist The most effective way to make headway through a piece
of content in another language is to ask yourself: “Can I follow the gist of
what’s going on?” You don’t need to understand every word, just the main
ideas. If you can, that’s enough! You’re set! You can understand and enjoy a
great amount with gist alone, so carry on through the material and enjoy the

feeling of making progress! If the material is so hard that you struggle to
understand even the gist, then my advice for you would be to consider
easier material.
Don’t look up words As tempting as it is to look up new words, doing so
robs you of time that you could spend reading the material. In the extreme,
you can spend so long looking up words that you never finish what you’re
reading. If you come across a word you don’t understand… Don’t worry!
Keep calm and carry on. Focus on the goal of reaching the end of the
chapter. You’ll probably see that difficult word again soon, and you might
guess the meaning in the meantime!
Don’t analyse grammar Similarly to new words, if you stop to study
verb tenses or verb conjugations as you go, you’ll never make any headway
with the material. Try to notice the grammar that’s being used (make a
mental note) and carry on. Have you spotted some unfamiliar grammar? No
problem. It can wait. Unfamiliar grammar rarely prevents you from
understanding the gist of a passage but can completely derail your reading
if you insist on looking up and studying every grammar point you
encounter. After a while, you’ll be surprised by how this “difficult”
grammar starts to become “normal”!
You don’t understand? Don’t worry! The feeling you often have when
you are engaged in extensive learning is: “I don’t understand”. You may
find an entire paragraph that you don’t understand or that you find
confusing. So, what’s the best response? Spend the next hour trying to
decode that difficult paragraph? Or continue reading regardless? (Hint: It’s
the latter!) When you read in your mother tongue, you will often skip entire
paragraphs you find boring, so there’s no need to feel guilty about doing the
same when reading English. Skipping difficult passages of text may feel
like cheating, but it can, in fact, be a mature approach to reading that allows
you to make progress through the material and, ultimately, learn more.
If you follow this mindset when you read English, you will be training
yourself to be a strong, independent English learner who doesn’t have to
rely on a teacher or rule book to make progress and enjoy learning. As you
will have noticed, this approach draws on the fact that your brain can learn
many things naturally, without conscious study. This is something that we
appear to have forgotten with the formalisation of the education system.
But, speak to any accomplished language learner and they will confirm that
their proficiency in languages comes not from their ability to memorise

grammar rules, but from the time they spend reading, listening to, and
speaking the language, enjoying the process, and integrating it into their
lives.
So, I encourage you to embrace extensive learning, and trust in your
natural abilities to learn languages, starting with… The contents of this
book!

The Five-Step Reading Process
Here is my suggested five-step process for making the most of each
conversation in this book:
1. Read the short introduction to the conversation. This is
important, as it sets the context for the conversation, helping you
understand what you are about to read. Take note of the characters
who are speaking and the situation they are in. If you need to
refresh your memory of the characters, refer to the character
introductions at the front of the book.
2. Read the conversation all the way through without stopping.
3. Your aim is simply to reach the end of the conversation, so do not
stop to look up words and do not worry if there are things you do
not understand. Simply try to follow the gist of the conversation.
4. Go back and read the same conversation a second time. If you
like, you can read in more detail than before, but otherwise
simply read it through one more time.
5. By this point, you should be able to follow the gist of the
conversation. You might like to continue to read the same
conversation a few more times until you feel confident. This is
time well-spent and, with each repetition, you will gradually build
your understanding of the content.
Move on! There is no need to understand every word in the
conversation, and the greatest value to be derived from the book
comes from reading it through to completion! Move on to the
next conversation and do your best to enjoy the story at your own
pace, just as you would any other book.

At every stage of the process, there will inevitably be words and phrases
you do not understand or passages you find confusing. Instead of worrying
about the things you don’t understand, try to focus instead on everything

that you do understand, and congratulate yourself for the hard work you are
putting into improving your English.

The Secret in the Painting

Translated by Charlotte West

Character Profiles
Laura Smith
Detective Smith is a policewoman who works in London. After her
previous experiences with Natalie and Alice, she now specialises in cases
related to the world of art.
Peter Thompson
Peter is a detective and colleague of Detective Smith. He has had less
time on the job and, therefore, Detective Smith is his guide and mentor. He
listens attentively to what she says and follows her instructions to the letter,
although he is not afraid to give his opinion when he thinks necessary.
Natalie
A young art historian and curator who works at the Tate Museum.
Emily Brown
The Director of the Tate Museum.
Chief Inspector Turner
Chief Inspector at the police station where Detective Smith works. He
controls the work of everyone in the division.
James
A scholar at the Tate Museum, under the supervision of Natalie. He is
an art history student. Everyone in his family is on the police force but he
wants to dedicate his life to painting.

Introduction to the Story
Shortly after arresting a major art forger, detective Laura Smith receives
a call from the director of the Tate Museum in London.
Has another work of art gone missing? Actually, the opposite! A
mysterious painting has appeared on the Tate walls. No-one knows where it
came from or how it got there.
Detective Smith goes to the museum with her partner Peter Thompson.
They meet the director, Emily, and the curator, Natalie. Could this be a
mistake? A joke? In fact, it’s neither! They discover some tiny writing on
the back of the painting: “This painting is not here by accident.”
While they try to figure out where the painting came from, they further
discover that it is filled with clues. The painting contains five scenes, each
representing a crime that will be committed somewhere in London by the
end of the day.
As they race around the city to stop this crime wave, more questions
arise: Who is behind this network of organised crime? And who is trying to
warn detective Smith?

1. The call
Detective Smith wakes up to the sound of her telephone ringing. She
looks at the clock and sees that it is eight o’clock in the morning. She hears
her son, Jake, answering the call. After a few minutes, she summons up the
energy to get out of bed and go to the kitchen.
Jake: Good morning, mummy!
Laura: Good morning, son. How are you today?
Jake: Very well! How are you, mummy?
Laura: Very tired. I’ve been working a lot this week… I hope the next
few days will be quieter!
Jake: Me too! I’m exhausted!
Laura: Really? Why is that son?
Jake: They have me working very hard at school. The teacher is making
us paint, paint, and paint, and she wants us to use lots of colours. Then it’s
story time, then we have to sing a song, and then play ball.
Laura: I see… And then at home, your mother stays asleep and you have
to answer the phone. Who was it, by the way?
Jake: Your boss. He said it was agent!
Laura: Agent?
Jake: No, it wasn’t agent. He said it was… Indigent.
Laura: What do you mean, Jake? Wait… Did he say it was urgent?
Jake: Yes! He said it was urgent!

2. The urgency
Detective Smith grabs her mobile and calls her boss, Inspector Turner.
He is a man with a bad temper who can be quite brusque, but they have
always got along. While Laura is talking, she prepares a hot chocolate for
Jake, which he drinks in silence while watching cartoons.
Turner: Hello?
Laura: Hi, Detective Turner. It’s me, Detective Smith. You called a
while ago?
Turner: Yes, I told your son it was urgent. Where were you?
Laura: Sorry, after last week’s case I was really tired. I was in bed.
Turner: Good, I hope you slept enough because we have something new
that requires you to come down to the station immediately.
Laura: Oh no. What’s it about? Another forgery?
Turner: I can’t give you any more details over the phone. Detective
Smith, you must come in. Take Jake to school and come immediately.
Laura: Ok, I’ll be there in half an hour.
Turner: Perfect. We will wait for you. See you then!
Laura: See you then!
Jake: Mummy, what does urgent mean?

3. Something unexpected
After leaving Jake at school, Laura drives to the police station, where
she works, as quickly as possible. On arriving, she sees that Detective
Inspector Turner is waiting for her at the door and he looks worried.
Laura: Detective Turner, what’s happened? What is so urgent?
Turner: I can’t tell you here. Let’s go into the office and I’ll show you.
Laura: What a mystery! It must be a very sensitive case. Is Peter inside?
Turner: Yes, everyone’s inside. It’s a very serious matter… And needs
your immediate attention.
Everyone: SURPRISE!
Laura: Wow, what’s all this? A surprise party for me?!
Turner: Happy birthday, Detective Smith.
Laura: But my birthday is on the 12th of September!
Peter: Today is the 12th of September, Smith! You’re already forty years
old!
Laura: Oh goodness, you’re right. Thanks, partner.
Turner: I’m beginning to think that you need a holiday. Everyone, let’s
make a toast for our best detective who, in case no-one noticed, yesterday
caught Jeremy Bates the biggest forger of Picasso in all of Europe. Cheers!
Everyone: Cheers!
Laura: Thank you, everyone! It’s an honour to work with this team.
Hold on, is that cheesecake? Can I have some?

4. The second call
While they are celebrating Laura’s birthday at the police station, the
phone rings in her office. Swallowing the last mouthful of her slice of
cheesecake quickly, Detective Smith answers the phone.
Laura: Hello, who is speaking?
Emily: Detective Smith, it’s Emily Brown, the Director of the Tate
Museum. Congratulations!
Laura: Good morning, Emily. Did you also find out it was my birthday?
It seems I was the last person to know.
Emily: I didn’t realise it was your birthday. Happy birthday! I was
congratulating you on catching Jeremy Bates. At last, we’ve stopped that
wrongdoer! I don’t know what makes me angrier: that his paintings were so
good that they tricked our best specialists or that someone that talented
decided to dedicate himself to forgeries rather than develop his own artistic
career.
Laura: I know, it’s really a shame. What are you going to do with his
paintings?
Emily: Well, as they are not original Picassos, we can consider them
historical pieces. Especially as the artist has been captured! We are planning
a special exhibition dedicated to forgeries.
Laura: I think that’s a great idea! Ever since we worked together on the
robbery of the William Turner drawings, I’ve become more and more
interested in cases related to the world of art.
Emily: I know! That’s exactly why I called you…
Laura: Oh no. Has there been a robbery at the museum?
Emily: Actually no. The opposite. It would be better if you came.

5. The appearance
After making excuses to her boss and colleagues for not staying to eat
and drink for a while longer, Laura heads to the Tate Museum. When she
arrives, she meets Emily and her friend Natalie, who she worked with
previously to catch an art thief. Emily and Natalie are looking worriedly at
a large painting in one of the most important rooms in the contemporary art
wing of the museum.
Natalie: Laura! How are you?
Laura: Hi Natalie, fine. How are you? And Alice?
Natalie: Alice can hardly move. She’s due to give birth in a few weeks
and the baby is very restless… But apart from that, everything is fine.
Laura: That’s great. And how are you, Emily? Your phone call made me
very curious. Are you going to tell me what has happened? Perhaps this
painting has been forged? Or was it stolen?
Emily: To be quite honest… We are not sure what is wrong with this
painting.

6. The missing file
Detective Smith cannot work out why Emily and Natalie have called her.
There seems to be a problem with the painting in front of them, but, so far,
they haven’t been able to tell her what.
Natalie: I think it’s best if we tell you how we realised something was
up.
Laura: Okay.
Natalie: Over the last few weeks, lots of new paintings have arrived at
the museum. I’m sure you’ve noticed that the works come with a small
sign, a data sheet, which explains who the artist is, when the work was
painted, and so on.
Laura: Yes, of course.
Natalie: Well, today all of the files arrived for the new paintings.
However, when we had finished putting them out, we noticed that this
painting didn’t have a file. We thought there was a mistake, but that’s not
the case. The file wasn’t printed as this painting isn’t part of our collection.
Laura: What do you mean?
Emily: This isn’t our painting; we didn’t buy it, nobody donated it… It
simply turned up here.

7. The painting
For the first time since her arrival, Laura stops to look at the work. It’s
a big painting, at least two metres wide and one metre tall with a thick
metallic frame. There are various scenes with lots of people in the painting.
It makes her think about the “Where’s Wally?” books that Jake really loves.
Laura: I understand… It’s very mysterious. Suddenly there is a painting
hanging here. I’m sure it’s a mistake, but I understand your concern. We
will need to go over the security cameras and speak with the employees of
the museum.
Emily: Of course, we haven’t done that yet. We thought we would call
you before doing anything because… Well, we were worried there could be
something in the frame or behind the canvas… A strange device.
Laura: You mean to say there could be a bomb in the picture?!

8. The bomb
Emily has just told Detective Smith that they suspect there might be
explosives in the picture that mysteriously appeared in the museum. Laura
makes a telephone call.
Natalie: Who did you call?
Laura: My colleague, Peter. He’s on his way with our bomb detector.
But before that, why do you think there could be a bomb in the picture?
Emily: Well, of course, it’s just an idea, but it occurred to us that many
important people visit the museum – politicians from around the world,
members of the royal family, businesspeople. It’s the perfect way to bring in
an explosive without setting off the security controls.
Laura: Well thought. It’s, of course, a possibility. Is there an important
event coming up?
Natalie: Yes, of course. We have all sorts of events this month and lots of
important personalities from around the world will be coming.
Laura: Okay. Later, if possible, I’d like a detailed list. But look, here
comes our bomb detector.
Natalie: How handsome he is!

9. The bomb detector
Peter, Laura’s colleague, approaches along the corridor. An enormous
police dog is on a lead. Natalie, who loves dogs, approaches it and starts
stroking it.
Natalie: How handsome you are, puppy! What’s his name?
Peter: Officially, he’s called Canine 1977. But we call him “X-Ray”.
Natalie: Why X-Ray?
Peter: Because he can see through things. Nothing gets past X-Ray. He’s
the best.
Natalie: You are so lovely X-Ray! I’d love to take you home…
Peter: Unfortunately, he is needed at the central office, but you can visit
him whenever you like!
Laura: Ok, ok, enough pampering. This is the painting I was talking
about, Peter. Bring X-Ray over here and see if he can detect anything.

10. Safe
After X-Ray, the bomb detector dog, gets closer to the painting and
doesn’t have any reaction, Detective Smith and Peter assure Emily and
Natalie that there are no explosives hidden behind the painting or in the
frame.
Laura: We are safe. If X-Ray doesn’t smell anything, it’s because there
isn’t anything to worry about.
Peter: Well, nothing that can explode, at least. There could still be a
letter, a message, or a clue from the person who brought the painting to the
museum… Unless it was a simple mistake.
Laura: I hope so. Now, if there’s no problem, I would like to take the
painting down and see if there is anything in the frame or behind the
painting. Is that possible?
Natalie: Of course. I’ll call my assistant.

11. James, the assistant
After Natalie calls James, her assistant, he joins them. He is a young
man of about twenty-five years old, very smiley and happy. He is tall and
has black curly hair. Natalie introduces James to Detective Smith and Peter.
Laura: A pleasure to meet you, James.
James: The pleasure’s all mine. So, you’re coppers?
Laura: Yes, but don’t be alarmed. We’re just investigating.
James: Oh, don’t worry about that. I’m more than used to the police.
Laura: How come?
James: Well, because nearly everyone in my family is in the police force.
My dad, my uncles, my older sisters. I’m the black sheep… Can you
imagine my dad’s reaction when I told him I wanted to study art?!
Peter: I can imagine… I come from a family of artists!

12. The frame
Natalie notices that Detective Smith is getting inpatient and, therefore,
interrupts the two boys, who are chatting about their families, so that they
can go back to concentrating on the task in front of them.
Natalie: James, could you help me lower this painting and turn it around
so that the detectives can study it closer?
James: Of course, sorry.
Laura: Let’s see. It looks like there isn’t anything behind the canvas.
Peter: The back of the frame is hollow. We can do tests, but I don’t see
any suspicious object or substance.
Laura: I’m starting to think that this picture is here by mistake…
Natalie: This picture is not here by mistake.
Laura: What do you mean? How do you know?
Natalie: It says there. Look, in this corner… Something is written: “This
picture is not here by mistake”.

13. “This picture is not here by mistake”
Everyone gets closer to have a look at the writing that Natalie pointed
out, except James, who stays apart stroking the dog X-Ray. The text is small
and written in red paint.
Emily: Do you think this is a joke? That someone is laughing at the
security of this museum?
Natalie: It could be a conceptual piece of art… A frustrated artist who
wants to prove there is an exclusive group of artists…
Laura: I don’t think it’s something that convoluted… Although it isn’t as
simple as we think either.
Peter: What’s certain is that the person who brought this picture to the
museum is trying to tell us something.
Laura: Well, we have to go over the security recordings to see if we can
find out who it was.
James: That’s not necessary, I know who brought the picture to the
museum.
Everyone: Who was it?
James: Me, of course.

14. The explanation
Everyone looks open-mouthed at James until Natalie works out what the
boy wanted to say.
Natalie: Of course, James brings all of the pictures.
Laura: How does that work?
Natalie: It works this way: when there is a donation, a sale, or another
type of acquisition, the museum is in charge of going to get the pieces from
the airport or wherever they need to be collected from. James is the one
who goes to get them.
Laura: Is he the only person in charge of the pieces until they get here?
Natalie: No, of course not! We have a special lorry and a complete team
of specialists, but James is in charge of coordinating their movements and
keeping me informed.
James: Exactly. This painting arrived approximately a week ago, and I
went to get it myself!

15. The mysterious call
After listening to Natalie and James’ explanation, Detective Smith and
Peter continue to enquire about the origin of the mysterious painting that
has appeared on the wall of the Tate Museum.
Peter: Where did you go to collect the picture?
James: It wasn’t out of the ordinary. I received a call with the order to
collect the picture from an art warehouse that I have been to before. Many
important galleries in the city use it. When I got there, the head of the
warehouse showed me where the picture was and we put it in the lorry.
Laura: There wasn’t anyone else at the warehouse?
James: No, only the picture.
Natalie: Wait a moment, James. I’m the only person who tells you where
to go and get the new works of art… But I didn’t send you to get this
painting. Why did you pay attention to that call?
James: Well because it was you… I remember it perfectly. It was a rainy
day. You had gone out to accompany Alice for her scan. After a couple of
hours, I received the call. I didn’t recognise the number but, when I
answered, it was you. I thought maybe you were calling me from Alice’s
phone. You also told me exactly where to hang the picture…
Natalie: James, I didn’t make any call on that day.

16. The unknown number
On discovering that the mysterious call to pick up the picture wasn’t
made by Natalie, they ask James to find, on his phone, the number that
called him on that date.
James: Natalie, do you remember which day it was?
Natalie: Of course, Alice had her scan on Friday the 6th of September. I
remember perfectly as we had the doctor’s appointment arranged for
months and it was written on a note on the fridge.
James: Ok, let’s see. Yes, I received just one call on that day from this
number.
Laura: Peter, please can you take down the number? Take X-Ray back to
the central office, then go to the police station and check with the telephone
company who that number belongs to. Natalie, does the number seem
familiar?
Natalie: Not at all. It’s not Alice’s number and, anyway, I’m sure I didn’t
make any calls on that day.
Laura: Don’t worry, we will soon find out who called James pretending
to be you.

17. The picture leaves the museum
Peter leaves the museum, taking the dog with him. Then Laura explains
to them that she will need to take the picture with her to the police station.
Laura: I’m not sure whether it’s a crime to take a work of art to a
museum, but impersonating another person definitely is. Therefore, we can
open up an investigation… I will have to take the painting with me as
evidence.
James: You are taking the picture?
Laura: Yes, of course. We’re going to have to take it to the police
station. I was actually thinking you could help me transport it with the team
and lorry that you mentioned before.
Emily: Of course, detective.
James: It’s a shame!
Laura: Why do you say that?
James: Well, because it’s surrounded by mystery. This picture is
becoming more and more interesting.
Laura: Believe me, the most interesting part will be when we find out
who is behind this prank.

18. The police station
Detective Smith and James take the picture to the police station and put
it in Detective Smith’s office. While they are there, Peter knocks on the
door; he has some news about the telephone number that was used to call
James.
Peter: I have good news and bad news.
Laura: The good first, then I’ll deal with the problems.
Peter: Ok. The good news is that I found out quite a lot about the phone
number. It belongs to Vodafone, one of the SIMs they sell in the shops. I
know they normally ask for a document or passport number to sell them,
but the company told me that there is no record of sale for this SIM, so it
must have been stolen.
Laura: I thought so. What about the call log? Could they identify any
call from this number?
Peter: Yes, they identified two calls. One of the calls was made to Jake,
and the other… That’s the bad news.
Laura: To whom was the second call made?
Peter: A protected number.

19. Protected numbers
Peter has just told Detective Smith everything he was able to find out
about the telephone number that was used to call James to ask him to take
the mysterious painting to the museum. After calling James, the phone was
used to call a protected number.
James: What’s a protected number?
Peter: it could belong to a politician, a member of the royal family,
someone in the military, an MI5 operative…
Laura: Protected numbers are for people who are very important, that’s
why the telephone companies can’t give us that information. We could get
the information if we ask for authorisation from someone higher up, but
they would never give it to us for a case like this… They only normally
give this information when there’s a kidnapping, a terrorist attack…
Something big.
James: Ok, I didn’t know that existed. Do the police have protected
numbers?
Laura: Yes, of course, in the higher ranks like… Detective Inspector
Turner!

20. Father and son
Detective Inspector Turner approaches Laura, Peter, and James with a
worried expression.
Turner: What’s this? What’s happened here?
Laura: What are you talking about, sir?
Turner: James, are you ok? Has something bad happened?
Peter: Do you know each other?
Turner: Know him? He’s my son!
James: Of course, don’t you remember. I told you my dad was a
policeman. There’s no problem, Dad. I’m here because of this picture.
Turner: What’s this picture? Did you paint it?
James: Hahahaha, that would be the easy explanation… No, this picture
appeared at the Tate Museum. Who would’ve thought? I studied art in order
to not get involved in crimes and mysteries, and here I am at my father’s
police station, involved in an investigation.

21. The warehouse
Detective Smith and Peter head to the warehouse that the picture had
been collected from. It’s a big shed with lots of small spaces in the storage
facility. The owner of the warehouse, Mr Bennett, meets them at the door.
Laura: Mr Bennett? Good day, I’m Detective Smith and this is Detective
Thompson.
Mr Bennett: Good day, detectives.
Laura: As we said on the phone earlier, we have a few questions to ask
you about a picture someone kept in this storage area, and which then was
taken by an employee of the Tate Museum.
Mr Bennett: Yes, of course, I remember. I have found the papers and the
person in question only left a name and a surname… Let’s see… He was
called Thomas Brown.
Peter: Thomas Brown? Is that all?
Mr Bennett: Well… Yes.
Peter: There wasn’t a document number? Contact details? An address? A
telephone number?
Mr Bennett: Not that I can see. Generally, we don’t ask too much
information when they pay in advance. Also, the boy told me that the
people from the Tate would come by the next day and that’s what happened.
We’re used to working with the museum without any hitches.
Laura: I see. Do you remember what the boy looked like?
Mr Bennett: Of course! I remember very clearly.

22. Average
Detective Smith and Peter are asking the owner of the warehouse, Mr
Bennett, some questions about where the mysterious painting was found
before being taken to the Tate Museum.
Peter: Could you describe the young man in as much detail as possible?
Mr Bennett: Of course, I remember well. He had on a red cap with a
black visor, and it looked brand new. He wore dark glasses with a black
frame… He wore a grey sweatshirt and jeans.
Laura: Mr Bennett, do you remember anything else other than his
clothes? The colour of his hair or eyes? His age?
Mr Bennett: Oh, I see. Well, he was a normal… Boy. I didn’t see his
hair as it was under his cap, nor his eyes, as he was wearing glasses.
Regarding his age, I would say…. Between twenty and thirty-five years
old? I’m not sure.
Laura: Could you tell us how tall he was?
Mr Bennett: He was… Average. Not too tall, not too short. Average.

23. Fresh paint
Mr Bennett gives Laura and Peter the key to the warehouse where the
painting had been kept prior to being transported to the museum. The small
room is a cube about three metres squared with a metal door, and it’s
completely empty.
Peter: Great, now all we have to do is find every man in London with an
average look, between twenty and thirty-five years old, called Thomas
Brown…
Laura: I’m pretty sure that Thomas Brown isn’t the real name of the
person who brought the painting to the warehouse.
Peter: I’m joking, Smith. Of course, it’s a fake name. And even if it were
his real name, it wouldn’t help us… Well, it looks like this storage room is
empty.
Laura: It isn’t empty. Look!
Peter: What is it? Blood?
Laura: No, it’s red paint, like the writing in the picture. Do you know
what this means?
Peter: Does it mean I can’t tell the difference between blood and paint?
Laura: No, it means that this paint was fresh when they brought the
painting here…

24. Adam calls
Detective Smith is back in her office. She is in her chair, looking at the
picture which is leaning against the wall. Suddenly, the phone rings.
Laura: Hello?
Adam: Good day Detective Smith. My name is Adam.
Laura: Do we know each other?
Adam: We haven’t met yet, but I have a feeling we’ll know each other
soon. We have friends in common.
Laura: Who?
Adam: Natalie and Alice.
Laura: Oh, they’ve never mentioned you.
Adam: The truth is Laura, that Natalie and Alice are part of the same
secret society as I am. We know that we can trust you, so that’s why I’m
telling you.
Laura: What kind of secret society?
Adam: We are a network of investigators, historians, and archaeologists
who, on a global scale, work to protect the art world by fighting against
smuggling, robberies, forgeries… We were certainly impressed with your
work exposing Jeremy Bates.
Laura: Thank you… Could you tell me why you are calling?
Adam: I’m calling about the painting you have in front of you right now.

25. What Adam knows
Detective Smith is speaking on the telephone with Adam, a mysterious
friend of Natalie and Alice, who says they are part of a secret society.
Laura: How do you know about the painting?
Adam: Natalie told me everything. Don’t worry, I’m contacting you to
offer my help.
Laura: Does this secret society have something to do with the picture?
Adam: No. That’s what worries me. Normally, we find out about
mysterious cases related to the art world way before the police. But on this
occasion, it seems as if this picture has come out of nowhere. Natalie sent
me a photo, and
we couldn’t identify the artist. It’s someone who has great technique, but
not anyone well known.
Laura: No offence, Adam, but you aren’t helping me much…
Adam: Hahaha, that’s true. However, there is something we managed to
find out.
Laura: What did you manage to find out?
Adam: The people and the places that are in the painting are real. And I
think that the person who painted it is trying to warn us of something.

26. Five scenes
After finishing her call with Adam, Detective Smith calls Peter to her
office. While she is waiting for him, she stops to look closely at the
hundreds of details and characters that are displayed all over the painting.
Peter: What’s happening? Any news?
Laura: Peter, how many years did you work patrolling the streets of
London?
Peter: Almost five years… But I really prefer working in the office.
Laura: Okay, have a coffee and refresh your memory. Right now, we
could really use those five years of experience.
Peter: What do you mean?
Laura: Do you see the painting? Do you see that there are five different
scenes taking place in five different places?
Peter: Yes, sure, and there are lots of people in each scene.
Laura: However, if you look at the details, you can see what’s
happening. Look at this, do you see what this person has in his hand?
Peter: A weapon?
Laura: Exactly! Peter, tell me if I’m wrong but I think this picture is
showing us five crimes… In five places in London.

27. Analysing the painting
Laura, along with Peter, analyses the painting in her office. She uses a
magnifying glass to see better.
Peter: What are we looking for exactly?
Laura: We need to find details that indicate the place, date, and time. If
I’m not wrong, this painting represents five crimes that could happen in any
place in London.
Peter: Ok, ok… Here is something I recognise! I would recognise this
sculpture anywhere, with the horse and the bloke on top. Also, the floor
below has a very peculiar colour. It can only be one place…
Laura: Where is it?
Peter: It’s Trafalgar Square in London or I’ll eat my arm!

28. Trafalgar Square
Peter has just identified where one of the scenes in the picture is set. It’s
at Trafalgar Square in London. Now, Peter and Detective Smith need to find
out whether there is a crime shown in the picture.
Laura: Ok, excellent work! Do you see anything suspicious in the scene?
Peter: There are too many people! In any case, the square is often busy
because it’s popular with tourists. Let me see… It’s not suspicious, but there
is a newspaper in a pocket, and I think it says the 12th of September!
Laura: The date of my birthday!
Peter: That’s today, we should be able to see the time on the clock tower.
Give me the magnifying glass!
Laura: Do you see anything?
Peter: Yes, it’s very small but clear; the clock tower says two-thirty in
the afternoon.
Laura: Ok, now all we have to do is find a crime.

29. Where will the three men in ski
masks come in?
Laura and Peter have identified the place, date, and time of one of the
scenes shown in the mysterious picture that showed up at the Tate Museum.
They think that someone could be warning them about a crime that will
happen in the city.
Peter: Almost everyone is dressed as though it’s warm. Don’t you agree?
Laura: Yes, it seems that way. Why?
Peter: Well, because I don’t see any weapons, but these three blokes
have ski masks. Suspicious, no?
Laura: Very suspicious!
Peter: It looks like they are in this shop. What is it?
Laura: It looks like there are books in the shop. No? But who would rob
a book shop?
Peter: It’s not a book shop! I know what it is…

30. Convincing Turner
Detective Smith and Peter run to speak with Inspector Turner to tell him
what they have discovered. They find him in his office, having lunch.
Laura: Inspector! We need to talk to you urgently!
Turner: What’s happened?
Laura: We think there will be a robbery today at two-thirty in Trafalgar
Square.
Turner: A robbery? Who will be robbed?
Peter: We think they will try to steal from Knight and Sons, the most
important collector’s shop in the city.
Turner: Collector?
Peter: Stamps, old coins, etc…
Turner: And how do you know this? Do you have an informant?
Peter: No, it’s on the pict…
Laura: Of course we have an informant! An anonymous one.
Turner: Who is it?
Laura: We don’t know. We still don’t know. He called us... Please
inspector, we have to send a patrol car. It’s in less than an hour!
Turner: It doesn’t sound very reliable.
Laura: Please, sir… It’s my birthday!

31. Trafalgar Square
At the pleas of Detective Smith, Inspector Turner gives his permission to
head to Trafalgar Square with reinforcements. Laura, along with Peter,
drives there at top speed. Four police cars from the reinforcement unit are
waiting for them in the square.
Peter: There are so many people in the square today! Look, this is
Knight and Sons. It’s a lovely old shop, don’t you think?
Laura: Yes, it looks as though it has items of value inside. Can you see
the reinforcements anywhere?
Peter: Yes, I think they’re over there.
Sergeant Brown: Detective Smith? I’m Sergeant Brown, this is my
team. They told me at the station that there could be a robbery in the square.
Laura: Exactly, sergeant. More precisely, it’ll be at the antiquities shop
Knight and Sons at two-thirty this afternoon.
Sergeant Brown: Perfect. What’s the plan?
Laura: As you’re all in uniform, I think it’ll be better if you all stay
nearby ready to come into action when I call. Detective Thompson and I
will watch from near the entrance.
Sergeant Brown: Understood! All clear, team?
Officers: Yes, sir!

32. The attempted robbery
Laura and Peter lose themselves in the crowd at the square, close to the
door of the antique, stamp, and coin shop, Knight and Sons. They pretend to
be tourists, taking photos and admiring the historical fronts of the buildings
in the square. Suddenly, when it gets close to the time, Peter approaches
Detective Smith and whispers in her ear while pretending to take a selfie.
Peter: I think I see them. Can you see those three guys? They’re very
covered up and I think I can see a ski mask in one of their pockets.
Laura: Are you talking about the one wearing a red bracelet?
Peter: Exactly. They are looking in the window of Knight and Sons.
Warn Sergeant Brown.
Laura (over a walkie-talkie): Sergeant, can you hear me?
Sergeant Brown (over a walkie-talkie): I hear you.
Laura (over a walkie-talkie): We think we’ve identified them, get ready
for action.
Peter: Look! They’re putting on their ski masks and are about to go in!
Laura: HANDS IN THE AIR!

33. Two arrests
When the three thieves put on their ski masks and take out their
weapons to rob Knight and Sons, Detective Smith takes out her weapon and
arrests them. Immediately, the officers from the reinforcement unit approach
them and get the three criminals to the ground.
Thief 1: But, but how can that be? They shouldn’t be here!
Thief 2: Be quiet! Keep your mouth shut.
Thief 1: Don’t you see? They have given us away. They shouldn’t be
here!
Thief 2: Shut your mouth!
Laura: So, you were just taking a stroll in the square with ski masks and
three semiautomatic weapons?
Thief 2: We won’t speak without a lawyer.
Laura: Fine, no problem. Sergeant Brown, take them to the police
station.
Sergeant Brown: Of course, detective.

34. Mr Knight
After hearing the chaos at the door, the owner of the shop, Mr Knight
goes out to see what is happening and thank Detective Smith in person.
Mr Knight: Were these men going to come in and rob my shop?
Laura: Yes, sir. Fortunately, we stopped them in time. Was there
anything valuable?
Mr Knight: Of course. Many things, but it can’t be a coincidence that
they came in today to rob me.
Laura: What do you mean by that, Mr Knight?
Mr Knight: Today, we received one of the most valuable items we’ve
had in the history of our shop… The British Guiana One-Cent Magenta
stamp.
Laura: What’s that?
Mr Knight: What is it? It’s one of three of the most valuable stamps in
the world. One of a kind. The stamp collector who owned it died and his
sons put it up for sale. It’s going to be auctioned in our shop in one week.
Peter: Just as a matter of interest Mr Knight, how much is that stamp
worth?
Mr Knight: Well, it’ll start in the auction at five.
Laura: Five thousand pounds for a stamp?!
Mr Knight: Hahahaha, lady, you are very funny. Of course not! Five
million!

35. The return to the station
After reassuring Mr Knight that there will be a policeman outside to
guard his shop until the auction, Laura and Peter go back to the police
station. They talk about the case on the way.
Laura: It seems like the painting was right.
Peter: It’s incredible. Do you think it will help prevent more crimes?
Laura: Yes. I think so. But, there is a bigger mystery than that.
Peter: Who painted it?
Laura: Not exactly. I’m not really interested in who painted the picture,
but in how they knew that the crimes would happen.
Peter: Do you think that it could be a reformed criminal? A criminal who
discovered his love of painting?
Laura: Something like that is possible… It’s definitely someone who has
access to information.
Peter: Nevertheless, it’s someone choosing to give us the information.
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have hung it in a museum.
Laura: And that’s the biggest mystery of all. Why would they paint it?

36. The interrogation room
Detective Inspector Turner is questioning the robbers in the
interrogation room at the police station. Officer Wilson is standing next to
the door. Detective Smith and Peter approach in order to participate in the
interrogation.
Laura: Good day Officer Wilson. May we come in?
Wilson: Detective Inspector Turner has ordered that nobody be allowed
to enter at the moment.
Peter: That’s odd... Oh, he’s coming out now.
Turner: Well guys, I couldn’t get much out of them.
Laura: We would like to ask the robbers some questions…
Turner: I’ve already interrogated them, Smith, and they aren’t talking.
We don’t even know their names.
Laura: With all due respect boss, I would like to ask them some
questions…
Turner: Hmmm… Ok, Smith, but this is your last birthday favour.
Laura: Understood boss. This’ll only take five minutes, I promise.

37. The interrogation
The thieves are sitting next to each other in the interrogation room.
Peter goes in behind Detective Smith and closes the door.
Thief 1: Shouldn’t there be a mirror in this room to watch and listen to us
from the other side?
Thief 2: Be quiet!
Peter: Why does everybody always ask the same question? It’s not a
Hollywood film!
Laura: No-one is listening to what we say. It’s a normal room.
Thief 1: Ok, are you going to question us again?
Laura: Listen, we have some questions here. Although, in reality, I don’t
really want to ask you this without letting you know something else… I
suspect there is an informant, a whistleblower inside your group of friends.
Thief 1: I knew it!
Thief 2: Be quiet for once! We mustn’t say a word. Didn’t you get that?
Thief 1: Who is the whistleblower?
Laura: I’m not sure, but it could be anyone who likes to paint.
Thief 3: Painting? Like someone who paints houses?
Laura: No. Painting pictures, art. Does that sound familiar to you?

38. Help
After leaving the interrogation room, Laura and Peter go back to
Laura’s office, where the painting is.
Laura: Right, well, mentioning the painting didn’t cause a reaction in
them at all.
Peter: I doubt they have ever set foot in a museum in their lives.
Laura: It looks like the picture wasn’t done by someone in their group…
We are very far from discovering the truth about the person who painted
it… Anyway, we can worry about that after we are sure we have prevented
all of the crimes that are shown in it.
Peter: Ok, let’s go back to the magnifying glass then.
Laura: Yes, but it would be better if we had help.
Peter: Are you finally going to tell Detective Inspector Turner about the
painting?
Laura: No, I think it’s best if we leave him out of it, as he’s being a bit
odd today. I’m going to call Natalie, since she knows more about art than
we do.

39. Turner knocks on the door
Laura and Peter, with Natalie’s help, are trying to identify the places
and times of the four other crimes shown in the mysterious painting. Natalie
writes it all down in a notebook while they discover clues in different
elements of the picture.
Natalie: Ok, so we have a strange parcel that will arrive at King’s Cross
train station at four o’clock in the afternoon, a robbery at a jewellery shop
in the London Borough of Chelsea at five-thirty…
Laura: And a drug deal in Brixton at seven o’clock in the evening. And
in terms of the fifth scene, I can’t work out what is happening.
Peter: These people here look worried, but they don’t look like
criminals.
Laura: There is a house here with an open window, but you can’t see
anything inside.
Turner: Knock, knock, good afternoon.
Laura: Boss, how can we help you?
Turner: I have a question… Wait, what are you doing?
Peter: We are trying to figure out…
Laura: We think there might have been a forgery. That’s why Natalie is
helping us analyse the picture.
Turner: Ok… I wanted to know something. Did you manage to find out
anything about the informant who warned you about the robbery at the stamp
shop?
Laura: No… Yes. He called from a public telephone, so it was
impossible to find out more.
Turner: Ok, let me know if he calls back or you find out something else.
Laura: Understood, boss.

40. The fifth crime
When Turner leaves Detective Smith’s office, Laura, Peter, and Natalie
carry on trying to figure out the fifth crime that is shown in the picture.
Peter: Well, we have an open window and a group of very worried
people. One of them is crying!
Natalie: What is this car doing here? We can see the time on the
dashboard; it says 20:30. There is a person inside.
Peter: How do you know there is only one person?
Natalie: Can’t you see? There is only a driver in the car.
Peter: There could be someone else, in the boot…
Laura: Peter, you are right! Look, there is a teddy bear sticking out of
the boot.
Natalie: That means…?
Laura: That it’s a kidnapping! The open window of the house belongs to
the child’s bedroom, and the worried people are the neighbours and family,
who have just found out she is missing. Drat, I have to make an urgent
phone call!
Peter: To whom?
Laura: To Sarah, Jake’s nanny. I won’t be getting home until late today.

41. The strategy
Laura, Peter, and Natalie need to plan how to prevent the crimes in the
picture.
Peter: Ok, we need to speak to Turner. Do you agree? That way, we can
get patrols set up at every location.
Laura: You’re actually going to think I’m crazy, but I don’t think we
should tell Turner about any of this. He’s acting really strange. Also, the
fewer people that know about the matter, the more likely the criminals
won’t find out about any of it.
Peter: I don’t think you’re crazy, I actually agree with you. Ok, let’s deal
with it ourselves, the two of us.
Natalie: I can also help!
Laura: Natalie, it could be dangerous.
Natalie: It was also dangerous when we put a stop to the thief of the
William Turner paintings. That man had a weapon. Do you remember?
Laura: Precisely. Are you sure you want to put yourself in danger?
Natalie: I will be fine. You will only have me close by in case you need
help.
Laura: Ok. The next two crimes are happening very soon, and they will
both happen at similar times, so we need to split up. Natalie and I will go to
the King’s Cross train station to see if we can find the suspicious parcel that
is due to arrive at four o’clock, while Peter will go to the jewellery shop for
the robbery at five o’clock. Peter, try to get help from a local copper… And
be careful!
Peter: You too!

42. King’s Cross
Laura and Natalie monitor the arrivals board at the immense and
packed King’s Cross train station, waiting for the platform to be announced
for the Cambridge train’s arrival at four-thirty.
Natalie: There it is, on the board. It says it will arrive on platform 11!
Laura: It’s the other side of the station. We need to run!
Natalie: Let’s go!
Laura: I’m going to speak to security so that they can search the
luggage.
Natalie: We have to be quick, the train arrives in five minutes. Look,
there is a security officer right there.
Laura: Good afternoon, sir. I’m Detective Smith from the central police
station.
Security Officer: Good afternoon detective, how can I help you?
Laura: We have reason to believe that a package with illegal substances
is on board this train arriving from Cambridge. Could we urgently put a
search on the luggage?
Security Officer: Of course! We don’t normally take security measures
on this train, but given the circumstances, I can get the whole team on it.
Laura: Thanks a lot.

43. Luggage search
The security team at King’s Cross train station perform a luggage
search. When the train arrives from Cambridge, all of the passengers need
to form a long queue and, one-by-one, show the contents of their luggage.
They don’t find anything strange until a woman with a red scarf over her
head opens her bag…
Security Officer: We have something here! It’s a parcel with white
powder in it.
Laura: Let’s have a look. What is this parcel?
Security Officer: Madam, what is this?
Woman in the Red Scarf: It’s nothing, just sugar.
Laura: Sugar? This isn’t sugar… But it isn’t drugs either… It has a
label, but it’s written in Chinese. Officer, does anyone in your team speak
Chinese?
Security Officer: No, but one of the shopkeepers in the train station is
Chinese, my friend Alan. I’ll go and get him immediately.

44. The strange substance
The officer comes back a few moments later with Alan, his Chinese
friend who works in one of the shops at King’s Cross train station. The
woman in the red scarf looks very nervous. Alan greets both Detective
Smith and Natalie and reads the label of the suspicious package. He looks
horrified when he reads it!
Alan: I can’t believe it! That’s horrible!
Laura: What does the label say?
Alan: It says: “Black rhinoceros horn”.
Laura: What? The species of rhino that became extinct a few months
ago because they were being killed for their horns?
Alan: Exactly… This is terrible! It must be worth a fortune… But the
worst thing is that a rare animal died. Many practitioners of Chinese
medicine think that it has healing properties. I think it’s awful that they kill
animals for this.
Woman in the Red Scarf: I don’t know anything! My friend gave it to
me…. And told me it was sugar. I was supposed to take it to a friend of hers
here in London.
Laura: Keep your story for our questioning. This is an illegal substance,
and it is very probable that you will go to prison. Thank you for your help,
Alan.
Alan: No problem, detective.

45. The robbery at the jewellery shop
Laura and Natalie leave King’s Cross to take the woman in the red scarf
to the police station. On the way, they call Peter to find out more from him
about the robbery at the police station.
Laura: Peter, how’s it going?
Peter: Good, we recently handed over the thieves to the police squad to
take to the station. However…
Laura: What? What’s happened?
Peter: Well it took me a while to get the police squad to help me. In the
beginning, they told me the jewellery shop wasn’t on their beat today…
Until I told them that it would be their fault if the jewellery shop got
robbed. Then they started to be more helpful.
Laura: Ok, that’s strange. Do you know what? It’ll be better not to take
them to the central police station. Better to take them to the local police
station. Is that ok?
Peter: Understood.
Laura: And then go straight to Brixton, we have to stop this drug deal.

46. The drug deal
Laura and Natalie are in Laura’s car. They notice, from far away, that
Peter is standing in a dark corner.
Natalie: I don’t understand. What’s he doing?
Laura: He’s not doing anything.
Natalie: Nothing?
Laura: Exactly. In these cases, the best thing is to go to the location
where you think drugs are being sold and stay there. Eventually, the drug
dealer will approach you and offer you some drugs, especially if you are a
young man; they are the best market.
Natalie: That’s terrible.
Laura: Truly awful. Drugs are so bad for you, and the substances used to
increase the volume of the drugs are very dangerous. Many young people
die each day because of this… Look, someone is coming towards him!
Natalie: He’s talking to Peter.
Laura: Watch what Peter does when the man gives him his hand.
Natalie: He handcuffed him! He was so quick!
Laura: Peter is the quickest in London with handcuffs! Stay here. I’m
going to help him.

47. The kidnapping
Laura, Peter, and Natalie have prevented four out of the five crimes
shown in the mysterious painting that showed up at the Tate Museum. Just
the last crime is left. They think it will be a kidnapping, at eight-thirty at
night, but they don’t have the exact address. They could only work out that
the address is in Knightsbridge.
Laura: It’s eight twenty-five. I’m worried. Do you guys see anything?
Peter: Nothing. Luckily, we’ll notice the car straight away because cars
aren’t allowed around here.
Peter: Is that a ladder?
Laura: It is! What is that ladder doing against that house? Is the window
open? Let’s get out and ring the bell of the house.
Natalie: Ok, I’ll come with you. Look, there is a car moving away
quickly!
Peter: Stay here! I’ll follow it.

48. The scream
The moment that Peter leaves to follow the car, a scream can be heard
from inside the house that Laura and Natalie were going to ring the
doorbell of. Seconds later, a woman appears at the open window. Then she
comes down and opens the door.
Lady: My child! My child! Where is my child? Why is there a ladder
against her window?
Laura: Madam, we are the police. I’m Detective Smith. We stopped here
because we saw the ladder. My colleague is chasing the car that was seen
leaving. We have to wait.
Lady: It’s not possible. My child!
Laura: Madam, sorry to ask you this. But is it possible she was
kidnapped? Does your family have a lot of money or have enemies?
Lady: Enemies, no. But I won’t deny we have money. Also, lots of
people are aware of my economic standing because my job is high profile…
I’m the president of a tech company.
Laura: Ok, madam. We will do everything possible to find your
daughter. Here comes my colleague.

49. Peter’s return
Peter returns in his car. However, he is alone.
Peter: Laura! We have to call the station. They have escaped. I followed
them, but I didn’t get the opportunity to see their faces; they were far away
and driving very fast and I lost them.
Lady: Noooo! My child!
Peter: I’m sorry, madam. But, I promise you, we will find your daughter.
I was able to memorise the number plate, model, and colour of the car. It
was probably stolen, but it’s a good start.
Lady: Please, find my daughter!
Laura: We will do. Natalie, stay with the lady. I’ll go to the car to ask for
back up.

50. At the station
After the back-up team arrives at the woman’s house, Laura, Peter, and
Natalie return to the central station, as Turner has specifically asked them
to do so. When Laura goes into her office, Turner is there, waiting for her.
He seems very angry.
Turner: A robbery in a jewellery shop? A suspicious package at King’s
Cross? A drug deal? A kidnapping? You have spent the whole day doing
things without my knowledge. What’s going on?
Laura: I’m sorry sir, we received more information from the anonymous
informant and we decided to act on it without telling anyone because we
suspect someone in the station. We are sorry not to have told you.
Turner: Look, Smith, I need to know who this informant is.
Laura: We don’t know! Really, sir. The informant is completely
anonymous.
Turner: You couldn’t trace the calls? It obviously has to be a criminal –
a mafia leader, or someone in a very dirty business – as they know all of the
crimes in London.
Laura: It’s that… We haven’t traced the calls… Because he didn’t call.

51. The unexpected visit
As Turner and Laura are talking about the anonymous informant that
has warned them about the crimes, someone arrives at Laura’s office.
Jake: Mummy!
Laura: Son! What a lovely surprise! What are you doing here? Were you
taking a walk with Nancy?
Nancy: Good evening, Laura. We are on our way back from the cinema
and we happened to be very close to you. Jake asked if we could come in, I
hope you don’t mind.
Laura: Of course not. In any case, I was getting ready to go home. It’s
past nine! What do you think about having dinner and going to bed son?
Jake: That would be great!
Laura: You can go home, Nancy. I can take Jake from here.
Nancy: Ok, Bye!
Jake: Bye, Nancy! I love you! What’s this picture mummy? It’s very
pretty…
Laura: Jake, you can look at it while I talk to my boss.

52. Turner realises
While Jake is having a look at the picture, Turner and Detective Smith
finish their conversation about the day’s cases.
Laura: Ok, boss. How is the work going with the anti-kidnapping task
force?
Turner: They will work through the night, but I doubt they’ll know any
more about the kidnappers until the morning.
Laura: I thought so. Ok, I’ll be back tomorrow.
Turner: Don’t think I’ve forgotten anything about the informant, Smith.
I have appointments tomorrow morning, so I probably won’t get here until
midday, but then we can have a proper chat.
Laura: Understood, boss.
Jake: Mummy, it looks like one of my “Where’s Wally?” books.
Laura: Yes. Exactly, son.
Jake: I’ve already found all of the baddies.
Turner: What… What do you mean by “all of the baddies”, Jake?
Jake: They are all wearing red handkerchiefs!
Turner: It was this picture… Smith? Who painted this picture?
Laura: I already told you, boss. It appeared at the Tate. We are trying to
find out.
Turner: Ok. I have to go. Let’s talk tomorrow.
Laura: Bye, boss!

53. The red handkerchiefs
When Turner leaves, Laura carefully looks at the picture. After a while,
she calls out to Peter and Natalie, who are in Peter’s office.
Laura: Jake has noticed something, haven’t you, Jake?
Peter: Hi, Jake!
Jake: Hi, Peter. Yes, I noticed something, I’m a detective like you!
Laura: Why don’t you tell Peter and Natalie what you discovered while
you were looking at the picture, son?
Jake: I was looking at the picture that looks very like my “Where’s
Wally?” books, and I realised that there were lots of baddies. I found them
very quickly because they are all wearing red handkerchiefs.
Natalie: Oh wow! That’s true. How did we not realise that before?
Peter: What does this mean?
Laura: It could mean two things; either the criminals are part of the
same group or that somebody has given them the handkerchiefs as a form of
identification to protect them.
Natalie: I don’t understand. How does that work?
Laura: It wouldn’t be the first time. Generally, it has to do with
corruption in the police force. A corrupt police officer offers protection to
criminals in exchange for money. The identification, in this case a
handkerchief, is so that the local coppers who are being paid don’t shoot at
or follow the criminals.

54. The suspicious person
Laura, Peter, Natalie, and Jake are in Laura’s office, talking about the
red handkerchiefs that identify the criminals in the painting.
Peter: Hold on… Are you saying it’s Turner?
Laura: Unfortunately, yes!
Natalie: No! Really?
Laura: I would really like to not be certain about this, but he has been
acting strange all day…. Especially just now, when Jake said about the
handkerchiefs. He was quite interested in finding out more about the
informant before, but when he realised it was all in the painting, he just left
without saying anything about the handkerchiefs, as if he already knows
what they mean.
Peter: Maybe he isn’t corrupt, maybe he’s protecting a friend.
Laura: Could be…
Jake: Mummy, I’m tired.
Laura: Let’s go home, son. Peter, Natalie, go home. We will pick this up
tomorrow.
Peter: Ok. Let us know if you find out anything else.
Laura: Of course. You too.

55. The goodnight
Laura takes her son, Jake, home. After preparing dinner, she gives him
a bath and puts him to bed.
Laura: Would you like one of your books?
Jake: No thanks, mummy. I’m tired.
Laura: I know son. It’s been a long day for both of us.
Jake: Mummy, can I ask you a question?
Laura: Of course, anything.
Jake: Is your boss bad?
Laura: I don’t know son. In any case, remember everything you hear in
mummy’s office is completely confidential. Do you know what the word
confidential means?
Jake: No. What does it mean?
Laura: It means that it’s a secret and that you can’t tell anyone.
Jake: Ok, but is he bad?
Laura: I’ll soon find out, son. But, now, sleep!
Jake: Ok, mummy, goodnight. I love you.
Laura: I love you too, my son. Good night.

56. Adam calls again
After Jake falls asleep, Laura goes back to the living room where she
sits down to have some tea. She gets a sudden telephone call that surprises
her.
Laura: Hello, who’s speaking?
Adam: Hi, Laura. It’s me, Adam.
Laura: Hi, Adam. Have you found out what happened today?
Adam: Yes. I just spoke to Natalie, and she told me everything.
Laura: What do you think about it?
Adam: I think that the idea about police corruption makes sense… I also
found out a few things.
Laura: What do you know?
Adam: Well, to start with, the red handkerchiefs have been seen by
various witnesses in violent crimes over the last few years. We have looked
over historical newspapers and most of those crimes, by chance, happened
in places where there was normally a police presence, but for some reason,
they weren’t there when needed.
Laura: So, you mean that something has been happening under our
noses for a while?
Adam: Yes. Only, this time someone has warned you…

57. Talking with Adam
Detective Smith speaks with Adam on the phone. The man, a member of
a group of private investigators, is helping with the case because he is a
friend of Natalie and Alice.
Adam: I’ve been looking at archives in galleries and museums and I
can’t find anyone who paints like the artist who painted the mysterious
paintings.
Laura: It could be someone who hasn’t shown any of his pictures to the
world yet. Don’t you think?
Adam: It’s possible. Anyway, the technique is very good. Definitely
someone with artistic training.
Laura: I’ll bear that in mind. In any case, I’m currently more worried
about who is protecting these criminals… And even more worried about
that little girl. If only we had arrived a few minutes earlier.
Adam: I’m sure it will be fine. We just have to keep working…

58. Steps to be taken
Laura and Adam carry on talking about the mystery of the painting, and
about the next actions that must be taken to resolve the case. Additionally,
Detective Smith makes a confession.
Adam: Well, I hope you don’t mind me asking, but what is your next
move?
Laura: I haven’t told Peter and Natalie, as they would have tried to
dissuade me, but tomorrow… I’m going to follow my boss.
Adam: You are going to follow Chief Inspector Turner?
Laura: Yes, he told me he has appointments tomorrow. I want to know
where he is going.
Adam: Laura, can I ask you a question?
Laura: Of course.
Adam: Why are you telling me all of this? Why do you trust me?
Laura: Adam… I’m a detective. I’ve known about the Historians’ Club
for ages.
Adam: You know about us?
Laura: Yes. And I know everything about you, Adam… “The man with
the hat”.

59. Following Turner
The following day, Detective Smith parks near where her boss, Chief
Inspector Turner, lives in order to follow him when he leaves his house.
However, while she is waiting in her car, someone appears who she was not
expecting.
James: Detective Smith, is that you?
Laura: Hi, James. You startled me. I wasn’t expecting to see you.
James: I live here in this house. Were you waiting for my dad?
Laura: Um… Yes, I was waiting to speak to him for a bit before going to
the office.
James: It sounds like something confidential, so I won’t ask any more
questions.
Laura: Where are you off to so early? Are you going to the museum?
James: No. I don’t go to the museum until midday. I have a university
class. My bus is coming, see you soon!
Laura: Bye! Hope you have a good day.

60. The building under construction
After James leaves, Detective Smith sees Chief Inspector Turner leaving
his house. She follows him in her car until they arrive at a building under
construction. She keeps at a safe distance, follows him, and enters the
building, where she can hear him speaking to someone.
Turner: She doesn’t know who is involved, but I think she is close...
Someone is giving her information.
Man 1: It’s none of us! It has to be someone in your department.
Turner: Of course not! I trust all of my men… It’s someone who has
painted a picture.
Man 2: What about him?
Turner: He can be trusted.
Man 1: How come we have never seen him around here?
Turner: Because he’s just joined us, but you can trust him… Ok, let’s
talk business. Here are the handkerchiefs. Don’t forget to wear them in a
visible place… I’ll make sure that the area is free at three-thirty pm on the
8th of October.
Man 2: Perfect… What’s that noise?
Turner: Is someone there?

61. The escape
Detective Smith tries to slip away from the building before anyone sees
her, but the crooks and corrupt coppers hear something. She thinks she can
manage to escape by an emergency staircase. But the door is locked. The
criminals get closer. Detective Smith gets out through a window. She doesn’t
have anywhere to go…
Turner: Where are they? You, go and see if you can find them outside.
Man 1: Did you see who it was?
Turner: I didn’t see. You?
Man 1: Me neither. They can’t be very far… There is no way of getting
out of here.
Turner: WELL THEN, THAT SHOULD MAKE IT EASIER TO FIND
THEM! Everything is over if this person heard us! So, you’d better find
them… And, if you do… I hope you know what to do!

62. The getaway
Laura is trapped outside a window where Chief Inspector Turner and
the crooks can’t see her. She’s on the third floor, so she has no way of
jumping down to the street without hurting herself. Just when it seems like
they are about to find her, she hears someone calling her from below.
Peter: Psssstttt, psssstttt.
Laura: Peter… Shhhhhh… What are you doing down there?
Peter: I’ll explain later. Look… I’m going to try to get up this
scaffolding to where you are.
Laura: Which scaffolding?
Peter: This one. It has a few cans of paint, so I’m sure the painters must
have used it… Someone is opening the window. Climb! QUICKLY!
Man 2: Look! Someone is escaping on the scaffolding!
Man 1: Boss, shall we shoot?
Turner: Let her go. She will never have enough evidence to incriminate
me!

63. Escaping
Laura quickly drops from the scaffolding when she is less than a metre
from the ground. She escapes along with Peter as far as her car, which is
parked around the corner.
Peter: Do you think they saw you?
Laura: They definitely didn’t see my face… But, it’s possible that
Turner recognised me… Wait, what were you doing there?
Peter: I was following Turner, like you. I had a feeling you were going to
do something like this, that’s why I followed you today.
Laura: Ok. Well, next time let me know… You can come with me. In
any case, thanks!
Peter: What did you manage to find out?
Laura: Lots of things… Lots of terrible things.

64. In the car
On the way to the police station, Laura tells Peter what she heard at the
building site.
Peter: I can’t believe our boss is corrupt! So, he’s the one giving the red
handkerchiefs to the criminals…
Laura: Exactly. It’s a way of showing that they have paid for police
protection. So that when the police see them, they know not to arrest, stop,
or shoot at them.
Peter: How have we never heard of this before?
Laura: Turner knows we aren’t corrupt. He would never have risked
getting us involved in any of this.
Peter: Do you have any idea which other copper was with him?
Laura: No, he didn’t speak, and I couldn’t get a look at his face. It could
be anyone.
Peter: What do we do now?
Laura: Now we have to get together enough evidence to charge him.

65. The secret in the painting
When they arrive at the police station, Detective Smith and Peter run to
her office. Laura looks at the painting.
Peter: What are you looking for?
Laura: I’m sure there is something else here that we haven’t noticed.
Peter: What do you think it is?
Laura: I don’t know… A clue… A detail… Someone we haven’t yet
seen.
Peter: What do you hope to find? Turner receiving a bribe in the middle
of the picture?
Laura: Well that wouldn’t be a bad thing. Is that him?
Peter: Yes, he isn’t receiving a bribe. He’s just standing…
Laura: Looking at everything. Do you see anything strange about his
clothes? As if he has something in his pocket? He stands out differently
from the rest of the people.
Peter: Do you think there could be something under the painting?
Laura: Let’s see. I need a metal detector!

66. The memory card
When Peter returns with a metal detector, Detective Smith passes it
slowly over the surface of the picture. Precisely when she runs it over the
person who looks like Turner, the detector makes a light “peep” sound.
Laura: There’s no doubt there is something here. Do you have a knife?
Peter: Of course. I have my penknife.
Laura: Lend it to me a moment.
Peter: Sure, here.
Laura: Now slowly, I’m going to try to take out whatever is in here…
Peter: Careful, you could break it...
Laura: Got it!
Peter: What is it?
Laura: It’s a… Memory card! And I bet you fifty quid that all of the
evidence we need is on it.

67. The files
Detective Smith has just found a memory card hidden under the picture
from the Tate. She quickly puts it into a reader and opens her computer.
Laura: There are dozens of files.
Peter: What are they?
Laura: They appear to be audio files. Let’s listen to one…
Turner (recording): My team will clear the area a bit before two-thirty
so that you can get on with your work freely. Don’t forget that it’s a tourist
area; I don’t want anyone harmed.
Man (recording): Understood, boss. We’ll only get the stamp and we’ll
leave as quickly as possible. There won’t be any problems.
Peter: They seem to be talking about the robbery at the antiques shop.
Laura: Yes, they are. The file is called “1209-1430”. Twelve, zero, nine.
That’s the robbery date! And fourteen-thirty is the time. There are others
with the same date… Which must be the other crimes. But look, there are
many more. We have proof of many other crimes which involve the police.
We are going to have to listen to them all…

68. Who are the kidnappers?
Detective Smith is getting ready to listen to the audio files that she has
found on the memory card. However, Peter stops her. He seems very
worried.
Peter: Wait. Before listening to all of this, don’t you think we should
focus on the kidnapping? Who knows where the girl is?
Laura: Of course, you are so right. Look, this must be the file. It has the
correct date and time.
Peter: Ok, let’s listen to what’s on it.
Laura: Sure.
Turner (recording): Ok, it needs to be at exactly eight-thirty.
Man (recording): You know it’s hard for me to be on time…
Turner (recording): Donnie, this is serious. I can only give you a fiveminute window.
Man (recording): Ok, ok. It will be at eight-thirty, don’t worry.
Laura: Did you hear that?
Peter: What?
Laura: He said “Donnie”?

69. Donnie
Laura and Peter are listening to the audio file which has Chief
Inspector Turner negotiating with the kidnappers who are going to take the
girl in Knightsbridge. Laura has heard something on the recording that has
caught her attention, so they play it again…
Laura: Yes, he says “Donnie”.
Peter: Who is Donnie?
Laura: You are very young… There was a case about fifteen years ago.
Donald Johnson, known by everyone as “Donnie”. He was one of those
crooks who love variety…
Peter: Variety?
Laura: Yes, he and his sidekicks would commit the most random crimes:
illegal gambling, drugs, smuggling, extortion, and finally, kidnapping. One
time he was paid to kidnap the girlfriend of an important politician, and
when he realised how much money he could make from kidnapping, he
started to do it more and more.
Peter: And he was never caught?
Laura: Yes, of course he went to prison. I think he was sentenced to
about twenty years in the slammer. He must have been let out on good
behaviour because he’s out early…

70. The safe
Laura and Peter have discovered who the kidnapper is, an ex-convict
who used to be heavily involved in kidnappings.
Peter: And do you know where we can find Donnie right now?
Laura: I have a pretty good idea about where he could be…
Peter: His old stomping ground?
Laura: No. His mum’s house. I interviewed this woman dozens of times
and she never told us anything. I’m sure she is currently protecting him.
Peter: Wait. What should we do with the memory card? You’re not going
to leave it here, are you?
Laura: No, of course not. But what do we do with it? Should we take it
with us?
Peter: I have a better idea. I have a small safe in my office where I keep
the contact information of some undercover coppers. No-one knows the
passcode except me. Shall we put it in there while we are out?
Laura: Yes, sure. Here, guard it well.
Peter: Shall I see you at the car in five minutes?
Laura: Yes, perfect. I’ll see you downstairs.

71. The kidnapper’s hideout
Five minutes later, Peter and Laura meet up in the car park. They get
into Detective Smith’s car and leave for where they think they can find
Donnie. It’s a little flat on the outskirts of the city. They knock on the door
until someone answers.
Mrs Johnson: Who is it? I was taking a nap!
Laura: Hello, Mrs Johnson. My name is Laura Smith. Detective Laura
Smith. We met about fifteen years ago. Is your son at home?
Mrs Johnson: My son isn’t home at the moment. He’s gone out. Come
back another day.
Laura: Please, madam, open the door.
Mrs Johnson: Ok, ok, come in. But my son isn’t at home.
Laura: Is anyone else here?
Mrs Johnson: No, I’m alone. My son is working. He has a proper job in
a supermarket now. He has left his past behind him. I don’t know why you
are here…
Laura: Madam, we won’t bother you for long. We just want to ask you
something… Do you always watch cartoons while you are sleeping?
Mrs Johnson: Oh no!

72. The rescue
From the door, cartoons can be seen playing on the TV. There is a glass
of milk and some biscuits on the table. Laura goes into the flat and looks in
all of the rooms. In one of the bedrooms, she finds a girl hiding.
Mrs Johnson: It’s my niece! We were playing hide and seek.
Peter: Didn’t you just say you were alone and having a nap?
Mrs Johnson: I forgot that my niece was in the flat. Poor thing, she must
have been hiding for more than an hour.
Laura: Don’t be scared, little one… I’m a police officer… And I’m also
a mummy. My son, Jake, is about your age. How old are you?
Sophie: I’m six.
Laura: My son is only five. I bet you could be friends. Your name is
Sophie, right?
Sophie: Yes. How did you know?
Laura: Because your mother sent me to get you. Shall we go to her?
Sophie: Will anyone hurt my mummy if I go?
Laura: No, darling, of course not. Don’t cry. Everything will be ok…

73. The return home
Peter arrests Mrs Johnson, who still won’t say where her son is. She
says that she did the kidnapping all by herself. Meanwhile, Laura Smith
takes little Sophie to be with her mother.
Dorothy: My daughter! Is it you?
Sophie: Mummy! Mummy! It’s me, it’s me.
Dorothy: Come here, child, and hug me. Thank you, thank you,
detective. I can’t tell you how grateful I am that you brought me my little
girl back.
Laura: Only doing my job, madam.
Dorothy: What has happened to the men who did this? Have you caught
them?
Laura: We have made an arrest. However, there are still other people
involved that we need to catch. In the meantime, there will be police
protection. Do you see those women in that car?
Dorothy: Yes, I do.
Laura: They are also police officers. I trust them completely. They will
be watching your house day and night. Please do not open the door to
anyone you don’t know and don’t go out. If you need to go somewhere,
please speak to them.
Dorothy: Understood. Can’t you stay too?
Laura: I’m sorry, but I have to go and catch the men who did this.

74. Where is the card?
Detective Smith goes back to the station, ready to report Chief Inspector
Turner with the support of the evidence from the memory card that they
found in the picture. However, when she gets there, Peter has some news.
Peter: The memory card! It’s gone!
Laura: What? How is that possible? Didn’t you say that you were the
only one who knew the code?
Peter: Yes, I don’t understand how this has happened.
Laura: Where could it be?
Peter: I’ve looked everywhere for it, and it’s nowhere. Somebody must
have taken it.
Laura: Turner has to be behind this.
Peter: Shhhh… Someone is coming.

75. Turner calls
While Laura and peter are talking in the corridor of the station, Officer
Wilson, one of the men closest to Turner, approaches them.
Wilson: Smith, Thompson.
Laura: What’s up, Officer Wilson?
Wilson: Turner wants to see you in his office straight away.
Laura: Of course. We’ll be there in a second.
Wilson: I have orders to go with you.
Laura: Ok let’s go, Peter. Better not to put it off.
Peter: Sure.
Laura (whispering): Be careful, this could get violent. Have your hand
weapon ready.
Peter (whispering): Understood, mate.
Turner: Come in and shut the door behind you.
Laura: We would prefer to leave the door open.
Turner: Peter, shut the door.
Peter: Yes, boss.
Laura: Peter, what are you doing?
Peter: It’s over Laura.

76. An unexpected turn
Laura and Peter are in Turner’s office. Laura has just realised that
Peter has been complicit in Turner’s corrupt schemes. She is extremely
surprised.
Laura: Are you also a part of this? The whole time?
Turner: No, no. Detective Thompson is one of the latest additions to the
team. I think that it’s thanks to you, Detective Smith, that Peter got involved
in our schemes. As soon as he realised how things were around here, he
came to ask to join our team.
Laura: Is that true?
Peter: Yes, it is.
Laura: And the memory card…
Peter: I don’t even have a safe in my office.
Laura: And when the girl was kidnapped, and you followed the
criminal?
Peter: I let him escape.
Laura: And when I found you at the building under construction?
Peter: Well, I technically found you there.
Laura: You were the copper with Turner making deals with those
crooks…

77. The reasons
After hearing that her colleague is as corrupt as her boss, Laura
expects an explanation. She can’t believe that he has decided to make this
terrible decision.
Laura: But why, Pete? Why? I thought you were different.
Peter: You really want me to believe you have never thought about it?
That you’ve never been tempted to get a bit more out of the system? I want
a better life, I want to live with dignity.
Laura: We all want to live better, Peter. But I can tell you right now that
you won’t find any dignity this way. Why do you think this will make your
life better?
Peter: You’re asking me why I’m looking for extra income when I risk
my life every day and earn the same as a waiter?
Laura: We all work under those conditions, you must know that.
Peter: And end up like you, forty years old, living in a horrible flat, with
a second-hand car and hardly managing to support your son?

78. The weapon
Turner, who has remained quiet for a while, gets something out of his
belt. It’s a weapon! Laura stays completely still.
Laura: Inspector, what are you going to do with that?
Peter: One moment, boss. Isn’t that a bit extreme? Everyone in the
station will hear it.
Turner: Quiet! You both need to be quiet for a second. You, Peter, don’t
waste your energy finding excuses: the unfair system, dignity… We are all
the same at the beginning, but the sooner you accept it, the better. You’re
doing it for the cash, and because you like going out with your girlfriend.
You like to get it quickly and easily, although it means taking from someone
else.
Peter: But I…
Turner: And you, Smith. You think you’re better than everyone, with
your impeccable morals? Bad news, you aren’t. After all of this, you will
never get a promotion in your life. You will have the same wage for the
next twenty years and then retire. Your son won’t be living at home by then,
you will be poor and alone, and no-one close to you will know about all the
good things you did when you were a copper. Is that what you want?
Smith: But…
Turner: Silence. Now I’m going to do what I should have done a while
ago…

79. Destroyed evidence
At this moment, Chief Inspector Turner takes the memory card out of his
pocket. He puts it on his desk and, with the butt of his gun, hits it until it
breaks into little pieces.
Laura: No!
Turner: Yes! Now there is no more proof of what happened. You can go
and speak to whoever you like but… But I don’t think it’ll do you any good.
Laura: What are you trying to say?
Turner: Are you not at all interested where Donnie was this afternoon,
when you went to arrest his mother?
Laura: What are you talking about?
Turner: After all, he is very experienced at “picking up” little children.
Where is little Jake at the moment?
Laura: What?
Peter: Boss, wait. We didn’t talk about this.

80. The kidnapping
Turner has implied that Laura’s son could be in danger if she doesn’t
help out.
Laura: You are telling me that… Donnie has gone after my son?
Turner: He is closely following him. Oh look, he’s sent me a message.
At the moment, he is in the park with his nanny… One wrong move, Smith,
and your son will be in the clutches of my colleague.
Laura: No, no! I beg you, please tell him not to lay a hand on him.
Turner: We’ll see… First, we need to resolve this mess you’ve created.
For example, we need to let Mrs Johnson go. Donnie got very angry when
he heard you had brought her in.
Peter: Don’t worry boss, I didn’t bring her in on kidnapping charges.
Only as a witness. She’s in one of the interrogation rooms.
Turner: Ok, let’s go and talk to her and send her home. And you, Smith.
You stay here for a bit. I’m taking your mobile, if you don’t mind, and the
landline phone. Don’t try to leave, Officer Wilson will be at the door.

81. Trapped in the office
Laura finds herself trapped in Turner’s office. The door is locked, and
Officer Wilson is on the other side of the door making sure she doesn’t
leave. Laura tries to talk to him so that she can get out.
Laura: Wilson, listen to me! If you let me out and admit everything, it’s
possible you will get less jail time.
Wilson: Be quiet! I’m not letting you out of here. Also, you are the only
one around here who will go to prison.
Laura: So, Turner is planning to frame me? I don’t believe it! Nobody
will believe him!
Wilson: You really think that the Chief Constable will believe you over
him? I wouldn’t be so sure. Turner has been here a lot longer than you. He
knows more people and has more power.
Laura: He has more power, but he doesn’t have any evidence against
me. He doesn’t have anything on me!
Wilson: One way or another he will manage, don’t you worry. Now be
quiet, you don’t want your son to get hurt. Someone is coming…

82. Wilson leaves
Laura hears footsteps approaching in the corridor. Someone she doesn’t
know is talking to Wilson.
Wilson: What’s going on?
Officer: Tuner sent me to come and get you.
Wilson: But not long ago, he told me to stay here and not to move.
Officer: Yes, he told me you’d say that, but it’s urgent. We have to go to
New Scotland Yard immediately.
Wilson: Did he tell you why?
Officer: No, he told me he couldn’t say over the phone.
Wilson: Ok, let’s go. You, Smith, don’t even think of leaving here.
Remember what’s at stake…
Laura: Ok, ok.

83. Escaping
Detective Smith waits a bit for Officer Wilson and the other officer to
walk away. Then, without giving it a second thought, she opens the door
slightly. Making sure nobody sees her, she leaves the building. However,
just as she gets out onto the street, she bumps into…
Laura: Natalie! What are you doing here?
Natalie: It’s urgent… A messenger arrived not long ago with this
envelope for me. It says: “This is for Laura. Tell her, this time, NOT TO
TELL ANYONE”.
Laura: How odd. What’s inside?
Natalie: I don’t know, I haven’t looked. Open it.
Laura: It’s the memory card! But, how is that possible? Turner destroyed
it. But it’s the same card from the picture. It has paint on top of it.
Natalie: Laura… Sorry, but I have no idea what you are talking about.
Laura: No worries, I’ll tell you on the way.
Natalie: Where are we going?
Laura: To save my son. And then to catch this corrupt man, Turner!

84. On the way to the park
Laura rushes to her car with Natalie. When they get in, Laura puts on
the sirens and pulls out at top speed towards Hyde Park, the enormous
London park where Jake is with his nanny.
Laura: This card has evidence of Turner’s corruption. It was hidden in
the painting, in the picture!
Natalie: So, you were right all along! Turner was involved in all of the
crimes shown in the painting!
Laura: Yes. In those and many more… And now, he’s threatened to
kidnap my son.
Natalie: No, that’s awful! Where is Jake?
Laura: Up until a while ago, he was in the park with his nanny. Turner
took my telephone, so I can’t call her. Maybe we can reach them before
Turner’s accomplice does.
Natalie: And then? How are we going to get him arrested?
Laura: We need to go to New Scotland Yard with this evidence and
speak to Chief Constable Sims. He is the person we need to appeal to in
order to arrest Turner.

85. Someone has taken Jake!
After a few minutes of driving at top speed through London streets,
Laura and Natalie arrive at Hyde Park. They go straight to where Jake
normally hangs out with his nanny. After looking for a while, they find
Jake’s nanny, Nancy, walking alone.
Laura: Nancy, where is Jake?
Nancy: Hi, Laura! Don’t worry, Jake’s fine.
Laura: Where is he?
Nancy: Peter came to get him a while ago, like you told me.
Laura: When did I tell you that?
Nancy: You sent me a message from your mobile, to tell me that Peter
was coming to get Jake. Don’t you remember? Peter came by a few minutes
ago to collect him. Is there a problem?
Laura: No, no problem. It’s true, I forgot! Where is my head these days?
I really need a holiday... Ok, Nancy. I’m going home, see you later.

86. Peter’s call
Laura goes back to her car with Natalie, not knowing what’s going to
happen next.
Natalie: Ok, so everything’s ok. Jake is with Peter.
Laura: Natalie, there’s something I haven’t told you…
Natalie: What is it?
Laura: Peter… Peter is working with Turner… He’s one of them. He let
money get the better of him.
Natalie: No way. Wait… That means that… Jake…
Laura: Yes, exactly.
Telephone: RING, RING.
Natalie: Look it’s him – Peter! He’s calling me. What should we do?
Laura: Give me the telephone. I want to speak to him. Hello?
Peter: Laura, don’t worry.
Laura: Where’s my son?
Peter: Calm down, calm down. Really, we’re at your house. All is ok.
Come here and I’ll explain everything.

87. The reunion with Jake
Laura and Natalie drive as fast as possible to Laura’s flat. Jake runs
into his mother’s arms and gives her a big hug when they open the door.
Peter is sitting on a chair in the kitchen, waiting.
Laura: My boy!
Jake: Mummy! How are you?
Laura: How are you son? Are you ok? You’re not hurt?
Jake: What are you talking about Mummy?
Peter: Laura, we need to talk.
Laura: Yes, we do need to talk! Jake, please go and play in your room
for a bit. The adults need to talk.
Jake: Ok! I was going to go there, anyway!
Peter: Laura, I was never with Turner! It was all an undercover
investigation. I sent the memory card to Natalie, and I gave a fake one to
Turner.
Laura: An investigation? Now I understand! It seemed impossible…

88. Peter explains everything
Laura, Peter, and Natalie are talking in Laura’s flat. Peter is explaining
that he was working as an undercover agent, infiltrating the group of
corrupt policemen led by Turner.
Peter: I’m sorry, but I couldn’t tell you before. It was completely secret.
Natalie: So, why didn’t you keep the card at the police station?
Peter: This card contains very important evidence against Turner. I had
to get the evidence out of the police station. I couldn’t have it with me, as
Turner is currently very paranoid. Since the painting, he knows that
someone from his team is giving information, but he has no idea who it is!
So, every so often he checks our pockets and looks to see if we are wearing
mics.
Laura: Do you know who is passing us the information? Who painted
the picture?
Peter: No idea. No-one knows.

89. The corruption network
Peter explains to Laura that, as well as including Turner, the network of
corruption that he’s investigating is much bigger than he thought.
Laura: But once we had evidence, on the memory card, why wasn’t
Turner reported then?
Peter: You will see, it isn’t just Turner. We want to arrest all of the
corrupt police that work with him. I needed a bit longer to gather evidence
against the others involved, but now I have everything I need.
Laura: And the matter with Jake?
Peter: When we left, Turner was going to call Donnie to get him to
kidnap Jake, but I managed to convince him that it would be better if I did
it. I told him that I already knew Jake and his nanny and that it would be
easier. It was tricky, but I managed to convince him. In that way, I was able
to make sure Jake was safe. Afterwards, I called one of the other men and
pretended to be Turner, and told him to get Wilson urgently… That’s how
you were able to escape.
Laura: Buddy, you saved my son!

90. The promise
Laura hugs Peter, as she is grateful for all he has done for her and her
son.
Peter: Right, now we have to report this crook.
Laura: Before he tries to blame me.
Natalie: Laura, would you like me to stay with Jake?
Laura: Yes, please. Jake, come and say bye to mummy. You are going to
stay with Auntie Natalie. Ok?
Jake: Oh mummy, always working!
Laura: I promise you that, if all goes well today, I’ll take a whole month
off to play with you. What do you think?
Jake: Amazing!

91. The central office
Peter and Laura drive to the central office at New Scotland Yard, where
they look for Chief Constable Sims. However, once they go through security
and enter the building, they notice something strange…
Laura: What’s going on here? It’s very empty, no?
Peter: Yes, very strange. When I came here yesterday to drop off X-Ray,
it was full of people.
Laura: Where could everyone be?
Peter: Quiet! I hear something.
Laura: Hello, is anyone there?
Police: HANDS IN THE AIR. PUT YOUR WEAPONS DOWN. YOU
ARE UNDER ARREST!
Laura: What?
Police: HANDS ABOVE YOUR HEAD OR WE WILL SHOOT!

92. Arrested
A dozen police officers with police dogs come out of their hiding places
in the central office of New Scotland Yard. They are armed. Peter and
Laura raise their arms. The police handcuff Peter and Laura.
Laura: What’s happening? We came here to see Chief Constable Sims.
Chief Constable Sims: Don’t worry, Detective Smith. I’m here.
Turner: I told him you’d be coming. Chief Constable, they had a plan to
blame me for their own corrupt actions.
Peter: But, Turner, what are you saying?
Turner: I’ve just played the Chief Constable a recording where your
voice can be heard, Peter, selling protection to criminals, presumably under
the orders of Detective Smith. And when you realised your game was up,
you come here to blame others!
Peter: I was working undercover, to investigate you!
Turner: Oh ok, and where is your evidence?
Laura: The evidence is in my pocket. Come on, check my pockets!
Chief Constable Sims: Officers, check Detective Smith’s pockets.

93. The memory card
Two policemen approach and check Laura’s pockets. After a few
seconds, one of them takes out a small memory card stained in red paint.
Laura: Do you see this, Chief Constable? This memory card has dozens
of recordings of Chief Inspector Turner negotiating with the gangs and
criminals.
Turner: That isn’t possible! No way! They don’t have anything against
me!
Peter: Why so worried Turner? You thought you had destroyed all of the
evidence, no? This is the actual memory card. The one you destroyed in
your office was the one with photos from my holiday in Greece last
summer… Of course, my girlfriend is going to kill me when she finds out
we have lost all those photos.
Turner: I’m going to kill you, Smith! You have tricked me!

94. Body to the ground
Turner, who is completely furious, takes out a gun and points it at Peter
and Laura. When Chief Constable Sims tries to arrest him, Turner points
the gun at his head. All the policemen lower their weapons.
Turner: Everyone to the ground! All of you, throw down your weapons
away from you!
Chief Inspector Sims: What are doing Turner? Are you crazy? Give
yourself in now and don’t make things worse for you than they already are.
Turner: Silence! Everyone to the ground. You, too, or I’ll blow your
head off.
Laura (whispering): Peter, what shall we do?
Peter (whispering): I have a plan. READY!
Laura: What are you doing?
Turner: Silence! Now I’m going to slowly leave here, and I don’t want
ANYONE following me. Everyone stay on the ground and count to one
hundred!
Laura (whispering): We have to do something! He’s about to escape!
Peter: X-Ray, ATTACK!

95. X-Ray’s attack
When Peter gives the order, X-Ray, who has been in the room the whole
time, jumps up and bites Turner’s hand. Turner tries to lift it up high, but XRay doesn’t let go. After a few moments of wrestling, Turner drops the gun.
At this moment, all of the policemen get up and grab their guns and point
them at Turner.
Police: Halt, Turner!
Chief Constable Sims: X-Ray! You saved me… Well, Thompson, it was
you really.
Peter: No, no, it was X-Ray. I only gave the order. He’s very brave,
aren’t you, boy? Who’s my brave doggie?
Laura: Chief Constable, I don’t think it’s necessary to explain that
Turner is the head of the network of corruption and we had nothing to do
with it.
Chief Constable Sims: Of course. There will obviously be an
investigation, but after everything I’ve just seen, there is no doubt that
Turner is to blame.
Laura: Would you mind, then, taking off our handcuffs?

96. Turner is arrested
A group of policemen handcuff Turner and, at the same time, uncuff
Laura and Peter.
Turner: What are you doing?
Chief Constable Sims: We are arresting you, Turner. After all of this,
there’s no doubt that you will spend the rest of your life in prison. And not
just for all of the corruption, but for what you’ve just done. Take him away!
Turner: Wait! Wait! Smith, can you tell me who was… Who was the
informant? It wasn't Peter, he didn’t have all of that information… Who was
it?
Laura: I guess you will have to keep wondering Turner. It will give you
something to think about in jail.
Turner: Nooooo! Tell me.
Chief Constable Sims: Take him away now! Right, now that he’s
gone… Who was the informant Turner is talking about?
Laura: Chief Constable, we really have no idea. We only know that he
likes to paint.

97. An urgent call from Natalie
At that moment, Peter’s phone rings.
Peter: It’s Natalie!
Laura: Let me talk to her… Natalie! Is everything ok?
Natalie: No, it’s not ok! Nothing is ok, Laura!
Laura: What’s happened? Is Jake ok?
Natalie: Yes, he’s here with me in the cab.
Jake: Hi, mummy! We’re going to the hospital!
Laura: To the hospital?! Natalie, what’s happened? An accident?
Natalie: No, no. It’s Alice! She’s in labour!
Laura: Oh, calm down Natalie, everything is going to be fine. We’ll see
you at the hospital. Deep breaths!

98. The offer
When Laura gets off the phone, Chief Constable Sims approaches her.
Chief Constable Sims: Is everything ok, Smith?
Laura: Yes, Chief Constable. It’s my friend, she’s about to become a
mother.
Chief Constable Sims: Oh, of course! Go to her… But before that… I
wanted to ask you something.
Laura: Of course, go ahead.
Chief Constable Sims: Smith, what are your plans for the future?
Laura: What do you mean?
Chief Constable Sims: Well, we need a new Chief Inspector to take
Turner’s place. I think that someone like you with an excellent track record
and outstanding morals would be perfect.
Laura: Oh, wow! Well… I would love to! But under one condition.
Chief Constable Sims: Sure, what is it?
Laura: I need a month’s holiday to spend with my son.
Chief Constable Sims: Hahahaha, of course, Smith. Family first. When
you’ve finished, the Chief Inspector job will be waiting for you.

99. At the Tate
A few weeks later, Laura makes a visit with Jake to the Tate. The
mysterious picture showing the crimes is, once again, hanging on the wall
there. Natalie and Alice meet them there, with their newborn baby.
Laura: Oh, she’s beautiful! She’s already so big! Look how big the baby
is already, Jake! Have you decided on a name?
Alice: Yes – Laura!
Laura: Oh, are you sure? It’s such an honour.
Jake: The baby has the same name as you, mummy? I think it’s a lovely
name.
Laura: Thanks, Jake… Any news on the painting?
Natalie: We don’t know anything new… But the director loved the idea
of hanging it here. This time, we got a ticket printed for it.
Laura: Oh really? What does the ticket say?
Natalie: It says: “Painter unknown, oil on canvas and memory card. This
picture helped solve five crimes in one day and dismantle a corrupt police
network”. We really think that there will be huge interest, once the story
comes out in the papers tomorrow.
Alice: Look who’s here! It’s Adam.

100. Adam’s visit
Adam, who is dressed in a hat and a long overcoat, approaches the
group. After greeting them all, he takes Laura to the side to talk to alone.
Laura: Hi, Adam. It’s great to meet you in person. I wanted to thank you
for your help.
Adam: Well, I haven’t really done much to help out with this mystery…
Until now.
Laura: What do you mean…?
Adam: Well, it’s been difficult, but we’ve discovered who painted the
picture.
Laura: Who was it?
Adam: Look… There he is. Looking at his own work of art.
Laura: That’s… James Turner! You mean to say he was incriminating
his own father?
Adam: Yes. And after everything, wouldn’t you do the same?
Laura: Do you think we should say something?
Adam: I really think it would be better for him and his family if we left
things as they are.

101. James receives an invitation
When James sees Detective Smith, he approaches her. He looks sad, but
well.
Laura: How are you, James? I’m sorry about your father.
James: It’s ok, detective… I guess he deserved it.
Laura: Have you been to see him in prison?
James: My father and I never really had a good relationship.
Laura: I understand… James, this is Adam. I think you would both get
on well. Adam also loves art.
James: Hi Adam. So, you really like art? I like to paint.
Adam: Yes, I know.
James: You know?
Adam: Yes, I’m actually part of a secret and special club made up of
people who love art, and we know lots about you. We were thinking about
inviting you to join us, if you would like to…

THE END

Thanks for Reading!
I hope you enjoyed these stories and that your English has improved as
a result! A lot of hard work went into creating this book, and if you would
like to support me, the best way to do so would be with an honest review of
the book on the Amazon store. This helps other people find the book and
lets them know what to expect.
To do this:
Visit: http://www.amazon.com
Click “Your Account” in the menu bar
Click “Your Orders” from the drop-down menu
Select this book from the list and leave an honest review!
Thank you for your support,
Olly Richards
